Add link to slides for alternative way to learn (#36)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/appendix-docs/conda.md

## Introduction

A key element of ensuring analysis is reproducible is maintaining a record of the versions of packages used to produce said analysis. There are a number of tools available for both R and Python to support package management. Due to the specific setup of the Analytical Platform, we recommend using Conda for R over other package management systems.

## R

### Conda

> See also: [Calum's Conda slides for Coffee & Code](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/coffee-and-coding-public/blob/master/2019-10-30%20Conda/conda.pdf)

Reviewer: Referencing me specifically sounds a bit funny. Perhaps:
```suggestion
When exploring this section, you may also find the [slides](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/coffee-and-coding-public/blob/master/2019-10-30%20Conda/conda.pdf) from the Coffee and Coding session on conda useful.
```
